Concepts - Recorder Service (#226)
farm-ng/amiga-dev-kit: website/docs/concepts/recorder_service/README.md

                "query": "service_name=oak0"
            },
            "every_n": 1
            },
            {
            "uri": {
                "path": "*",
                "query": "service_name=filter"
            },
            "every_n": 1
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

:::info INFO
The ***** symbol in the `path` field indicates that all available topics of that specific
subscription (service) should be recorded.
:::

## API

Users can interact with the Recorder Service using the following commands:

- `/start`: Initiates data recording.
A valid **Recording profile" must be provided as an argument.
- `/stop`: Halts the data recording process.

## Data Storage

All recorded data is saved as binary files on the disk at /mnt/data.
The naming convention for these files captures the precise timestamp (to the microsecond)
at the recording's start, the robot's name, and the file number in the sequence:

```php
<yyyy>_<mm>_<dd>_<hh>_<mn>_<ss>_<msmsms>_<robot_name>.0000.bin
```

For example:

```php
2023_01_12_16_17_52_134845_element-vegetable.0000.bin
```

## How to Use

Data can be recorded through the Recorder App, or using the `EventsClient` class.

> For a step-by-step guide on using the Recorder App, please refer to this
> [example](https://amiga.farm-ng.com/docs/examples/import_log_file/).
> 
> For a step-by-step guide on recording data using the `EventsClient`, please refer to this
> [example](https://amiga.farm-ng.com/docs/examples/events_recorder/).

Reviewer: @guilhermedemouraa prefer (1) relative docs links if it is to another page in our docs and (2) describing the page the link goes to instead of generic 'here', 'example' 'this page' , etc.
```suggestion
For a step-by-step guide on using the Recorder App, please refer to the
[Record and Access Data example](/docs/examples/import_log_file/).

For a step-by-step guide on recording data using the `EventsClient`, please refer to the
[Events Recorder example](/docs/examples/events_recorder/).
```

Reviewer: I added this in https://github.com/farm-ng/amiga-dev-kit/pull/226/commits/eef0c7a3a3163a7a88c873b93da2aeacec376549, but wanted to give visibility
